Thank you, Lord Rose
So what if I'm a rascal?
Who stipulated that he can only play against the third child?
Besides, your end is decided
It doesn't matter if you're so dying
I'm helping him out in advance
Ning Fan, will he be alright?
defeated general
Dare to run amok here
Well, last time I just deliberately made a flaw
Take the bait
Do you think I'm really not your match?
Shameless
Liu Zhiwei actually attacked you
You're still a man.
Are you not afraid of death?
Just your third-rate kung fu
Do you think you can beat me?
This item is the Great Return Pill
Just one tablet
My strength can be improved by an entire realm
Reach Wu Wangjin
Cut the crap
Die
Will Lord Rose be all right?
Blood Deficiency Great Soul Pill
Although it can improve the strength
But the consequences are endless
Who does the sparrow rose say?
Can you take the next three moves?
It's easy to defeat this traitor
Unintelligible
Now I am a master of Wang Jing
Just because he still wants to lend me three tricks
I can kill him with one move
Then I will know you 3 tricks
Shoot now